{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9700\viewh16460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We know from his writings that he was full of examples, explanations, arguments, and stories.\
\
This database is organized according to concepts and ways of understanding them. It contains specific knowledge about how the concepts relate, who believes them and why, and what they are useful for.\
\
This concept would be connected to examples and demonstrations of the law, experiments showing that it is true, graphical and mathematical descriptions, stories about the history of its discovery, and explanations of the law in terms of other concepts.\
\
human teachers would create the explanations in the knowledge web, and the paths that connect them. \
\
It chooses the explanatory paths that match your favorite style of learning, including enough side paths, interesting examples, and related curiosities to match your level of interest. \
\
Along the way, 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Aristotle
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  will not only explain things to you but will also ask you questions\'97both to make you think and to verify for itself that concepts are being learned successfully. \
\
Such a Primer is beyond the capabilities of current technology, but even a program as limited as 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Aristotle 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 would be a step in that direction. \
\
There is no simple way for a teacher to publish an isolated idea about how to explain something. If a system like 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Aristotle 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 existed, then with the proper authoring tools a teacher could publish a single explanation\'97an effort comparable to creating a Web page.\
\
The support infrastructure for payments would allow different parts of the knowledge web to operate in different ways. For instance, public funding might pay for the creation of curriculum materials for elementary school teachers and students, but specialized technical training could be offered on a fee or subscription basis. \
\
The system could also become the ultimate hiring tool, since employers could map areas of knowledge that they need in prospective employees.\
\
Peer-to-peer teaching will allow literally millions of people to help each other learn.\
\
It supports mechanisms for the labeling, rating, and categorization of material, both by the author and by third parties. The browsing tools will allow information to be filtered, sorted, and labeled according to these annotations. In addition, user feedback tools will be built into the browsing software to help identify material that is particularly good, bad, or controversial.\
\
The knowledge web will provide that option by supporting various payment mechanisms, including subscription, pay per play, fee for certification, and usage-based royalties. It will also support and encourage the production of free content.\
\
The ASCAP music royalty system and university payments for student access to Encyclopedia Britannica are examples of how such a system might work.}